---
title: Brand Design
navigation: true
image:
  src: graphics-header@2x.png
highlight: true
highlightImg: 4iconsv2-03.png
---

# Brand & communication design

::div{.col-left}
Looking to elevate your brand, event, product or service? Look no further.

I’m a creative director specialized in brand design and communication - from conceptualization to execution - for technical B2B-industries or for the creative and cultural sectors.

**Having me as your one-stop creative designer, means**
::

::div{.col-right}
::

::div{.col-clear}
::

::div{.col-left}
**1. CREATING A HIGHER IMPACT BY ATTRACTING POSITIVE ATTENTION**

My experience brings you a **nuanced understanding** of how to visually shape and communicate your brand's story. You gain access to fresh and creative perspectives, making your brand stand out.

I dive deep into understanding your core values and mission, I question assumptions and challenge traditional norms to offer you **a creative yet practical brand strategy**.

<br>

**2. BALANCING CREATIVITY AND FUNCTIONALITY**

I offer a creative approach with meticulous **attention to detail** applied to your entire identity. This balance of creativity and functionality ensures your brand is **not only visually appealing but also effective**.

Moreover, I understand the communication lifecycle and **tailor and coordinate campaigns** to resonate with your target audience.
::

::div{.col-right}
**3. YOU CAN TRUST THE PROCESS:** TRANSPARENT AND RESULTS-DRIVEN

Delivering your project **on time** without compromising quality is a priority.

I foster an atmosphere of creativity and productivity. Whether **managing your project** and team, fostering collaboration or handling projects independently, I thrive in environments where **things get done effectively and efficiently**.

### [Let’s create something extraordinary together!](mailto\:hello@anneleenvernaillen.com)
::

::div{.col-right}
::

::div{.col-clear}
::

::image-gallery{folder="/images/brand-design"}
::

## Projects and full story in my art magazine

::image-gallery
---
folder: /images/cross-magazine
url: https://issuu.com/anneleenvernaillen/docs/crossmagazine_01issuu?fr=xKAE9_zU1NQ
---
::
