---
title: Me
navigation: true
image.src: 'about-header@2x.png'
highlight: false
---

# This is me

:::div{.col-left}

### Celebrating creative individuality & expression.
**That’s what I like to stand for. Anywhere. Anytime.**



:::
:::div{.col-clear}
:::

## Background

::FloatingImage
---
src: /images/profilepic.jpg
width: 280
alt: Anneleen Vernaillen
---
::

**Fine arts**

From the age of 10 I went to the art academy in my spare time.

**Graphic Design**

Because of my broad interest in design from an early age, the choice of study turned out to be not so obvious. I started studying product design, but dropped out the first year. However, here I gained a solid basic knowledge for perspective drawing, a great advantage for the final choice of **master of fine arts**, option graphic design at KASK Ghent.

**Work experience & evolution**

Over the years, working as a graphic designer on marketing and communication teams, I grew in that direction myself. I took classes in **marketing & communication**, followed workshops on **web usability**, picked up tips & tricks from a course in commercial **copywriting** and a few years ago, I added a course in **event management** to the list. However, creativity still has the leading role, so during the job I could also devote myself a little more to photography on a (semi-)professional level. Thanks for those opportunities!

**Spare time choices**

Throughout the work process, **I kept looking for additional creativity in my spare time**. I made a transition from acrylic on canvas to ceramics. After a few years, I put ceramics on hold for the search for a home, which allowed me to put creativity into interior design. Then evolving towards photography, in line with my job path. And yet, ceramics was something I never gave up on. Resulting in this moment: me as a **visual artist, creating photographic wall art on plexi and transferring those visuals to ceramics**.
