---
title: Privacy Policy
navigation: false
highlight: false
---
# Privacy Policy

## Introduction

I, Anneleen Vernaillen, make every effort to ensure that this website (“anneleenvernaillen.com”) is completely safe for you to use. I understand that you want the personal information you provide to me to be both private and secure. This privacy policy explains how I will use the personal information you give me and how I will ensure that it is kept secure. The Privacy Policy applies to the processing of personal data of customers, suppliers and website visitors. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or disagree with it, please contact me before using the website. This Privacy Policy may change from time to time. Please check this page to ensure you are happy with any changes.

**Anneleen Vernaillen (Concept35)**

**Frans Van de Meulebrouckestraat 35, 9620 Zottegem**

**BTW BE 0538.709.888**

## Collection of personal information

I collect your personal information in a number of situations. When you sign up for the mailing list, I ask for your name and email address. I also collect the personal information you provide when you contact me or request a quote. Finally, I keep a record of messages you send me by e-mail.

Client information such as client name, name, address, website, phone number, email I will keep. I also keep your business and billing information and invoices. Contact information provided by exchanging business cards or by telephone contact may be stored.

If you use the website, keep in mind that I may also record the parts of the website you visit and information about your computer. Such as the browser used, your network location, the type of connection you use (e.g. broadband, ASDL, etc.) and your IP address. We do this by using cookies (although the information we collect through our cookies remains anonymous, so we can’t tell who you are). See our cookie policy below for more information on what a cookie is and how we use them on our website.

## Processing of your personal data.

I will not transfer your personal data to parties outside the EEA. Those countries outside the EEA may not have the same data protection laws as in the EEA and your personal data may not be protected at the same level. 

## Marketing

I would like to provide you with information about my (accomplished) services that I think you will find interesting. I may send you such information by mail and e-mail and/or telephone unless you have asked me not to.

If you are a customer or have previously requested information and/or services, I may send you information by e-mail. However, in every marketing e-mail message I send you, I give you the option to completely unsubscribe from the mailings.

We do not provide your personal information to outside organizations without your express consent.

## Requesting & modifying personal data

You have the legal right to view and, if necessary, correct your personal data. Subject to proof of identity (copy of identity card), you can obtain the written status of your personal data by sending a written, dated and signed request to Anneleen Vernaillen, Frans Van de Meulebrouckestraat 35, 9620 Zottegem, hello@anneleenvernaillen.com. If necessary, you can also ask to correct any data that may be incorrect, incomplete or irrelevant. I will retain your data for no longer than is necessary for the purpose for which the data were collected and stored.

## Links

anneleenvernaillen.com and my marketing email messages may occasionally contain links to other websites that are not under our control. This privacy policy applies only to anneleenvernaillen.com, and not to these other websites. Once you have left my website or marketing email messages, I cannot be held responsible for the content and/or protections and privacy you provide to those websites. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy policy applicable to that website.


## Changes to this Privacy Policy

I may modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If I make significant changes I will let you know, but I encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically so that you are aware of the most recent version.

This Privacy Policy was last updated on September 28, 2023.
